1. What did you like about this website?
The pages were all meaningful and the content across different pages was diversified but relevant. I liked the "Meet The Team" page with the player cards. I also thought the 
home page was detailed and gave a good intro to the site.

2. Describe one significant difference between your own P1 site and this person's. E.g.
One difference is my layout/color scheme is a lot more restricted. 
   
   1. Which has a better user experience (and why)?
   I think mine is easier to use. One problem I see with the user experience is the "Contact Us" page. I think the material on this page should be focused on contact, 
   but there's a random box on the side for "Upcoming Team Events." I also think Contact Us should be on the end of the navbar rather than the middle. 
   
   2. Which codebase do you think would be more maintainable (and why)?
   I think mine, because the Chase's CSS files are confusing. There's a bunch of the same elements in many or all of the 6 CSS files. I think limiting the style so you can keep 
   track and change them easily would be a better choice. Similarly, I think you can group the same elements into a separate CSS file and link two CSS files into one HTML page 
   for better organization.

3. Is the code well-structured within files, and well-organized between files and directories?
The CSS files are confusing. I think those could be improved a lot. The team page cards have a lot of nested lines which are hard to keep track of, so that could probably be 
improved. Besides that, the structure and organization looks good.
   1. if not, suggest some specific improvements
   As in question 2, I think stick to similar styles so you don't have the same elements across a bunch of different CSS files. That way it's easier to track, and if you 
   make one change you don't have to change it across a bunch of files.

4. Did you find any other issues? If so, briefly enumerate them.
The Contact Us page is aligned poorly. Player Resources also has some minor alignment issues. I think the player cards are too large when the resolution is set to a smaller size.
   1. were semantically appropriate elements selected
   Yes.
   2. is the CSS refactored to limit duplication?
   No.

5. Do you have any other constructive comments for the author?
No, but I enjoyed looking at and reviewing your website. Keep up the good work!
